Now let's steal the navigation bar.
And for styling again, I'm going to use the bootstrap styles and we have the number right here and
the classes I'm going to use, you can find those in the documents.
So the first thing is let's change the style to now.
So there's this now element and let's wrap it with the now and this.
This is going to be the root of the navigation bar.
And let's add the classes of the bootstrap and the first one is the now bar and the second one is the
bar is always going to be expanded.
Then let's set the bar light color and also set the BG background light and also setting a shadow here
shadow as let's save this one.
We have this style here.
The the main content is right here and it is having this container which is adding spaces to the left
and the right hand side of the main content.
So let's do the same thing for the navigation bar as well.
So the text right here would be aligned with the, the main content text.
So let's have another div here and let's move the anchors into that div.
And this is going to be having the class container saving it.
Now we have the space on the left hand side and also we have the space on the right hand side.
So basically the navigation bar and the main content has the same spacing on the sides.
The styling will be changed for the length we are going to for the anchor we are going to use.
This is for the home.
We are going to use the class of now bar dash brand.
And for the signup and login, let's move them into an unordered list like this.
And this list is going to be having the number dash now.
Now, let's say this one.
Now the home link is on the left hand side and sign up and login is on the right hand side.
And let's also fix the style here as well for the signup and login.
Let's set the class of these are not just the link, but this is for now link and same for the.
Looking as well so you can get.
Now the links are visible like this.
So if I click those, the navigation is still working.
Now let's also extract this one as a separate component.
Let's not clutter the app component with the navigation bar.
So switching to the terminal and again using the English CLI and G generate component C, now we have
the shared module and this number is going to be under that shared module.
So the naming is like this shared forward slash number.
So it's going to be creating the number under shared folder.
And for the navigation bar, we are not going to have the test.
So skipping tests and also skipping the CSS creation part.
So we are going with the inline style.
So let's hit enter.
Now just created the number under the shared folder.
Our component is HTML and number components.
There is no CSS or test file and here it is also updating the module.
But it's not updating the module.
It is updating the shared module.
So this angular CLI is automatically adding the new component declaration to the closest module.
So for this case, since the number is under shared directory and there's shared module in it, it is
just updating the shared module with this component.
So let's go back to the code and let's open the shared module here.
And right here we have the number component, but the component is not exported from this module yet.
So this means we are not able to to use the component anywhere else.
So just like exporting the alert end button, we have to export the number component as well.
And let's do this just cutting this thing, cutting the now from EP and opening the now bar HTML and
pasting that one here and now.
Now our component has the is its own template and in a component since app module is importing the shared
module which is exporting the component number component, then we are able to use EBP now bar here.
So saving all these.
Changes.
So we don't see any changes on the UI part.
But if it tried to click to to these links, they are not working.
And if you also check the test console here.
And if you just see the spec list.
The link and the navigation tests are failing.
And that is because now in the bar right here, we are using the the router link directive, which is
part of the router module.
But in shared module we are not importing the router module.
The directives we are using right here is not actually working.
So that's why the links are not working.
So to fix this, since we are now dependent on the router modules directive, we have to import the
router module right here in the shared module router module.
So let's save this one.
And here we see the tests are passing and if we test it on browser, the links are working.
Finally, let's add an image for our application.
You will find it as it's in the resources of this course and it is added to the folder right here under.
S RC.
We have the assets folder and in this asset folder we have this file PNG So I'm just going to use this
one in the navigation bar.
Let's open the now bar component.
For the brand part.
Other than this text, let's have the image here.
And the image is the source is going to be said, falsify PNG and closing the image deck.
Let's say this one.
Now we are seeing the image, but the size is too big.
Let's set the size for it.
And the size, let's say, with of the image will be 60.
And also, let's set out for the the image.
This is necessary for the accessibility and it's also good for the search engine optimization things.
So the art will be like, let's say, saving it.
Now we have the image here and basically the navigation is working even weakly to the image since it
is child of the anchor.
The navigation is working.
Even we click to the image.